# Welcome to Grndz

<p>Today is an important day for us, as a company, and as a provider to the public. For the first time in our history we're proud to introduce a new product which will revolutionize the way in which coffee lovers will purchase and consume their tasty beverages. After months of thought, research and careful consideration, Grndz has been formed in response to what we believe to be a growing demand for a fast, customizable, coffee delivery network.</p>

<blockquote>Grndz has been formed in response to what we believe to be a growing demand for a fast, customizable, coffee delivery network.</blockquote>

<p>Coffee may be one of the most widely available substances in the world, yet still there is a growing gap between your corner coffee shop and local grocer. We believe with all our hearts that there should be a great way to enjoy a high quality cup of espresso, latte or simple joe from the comfort of your own home. This isn't just about taking out the middle man of coffee procurement, because in all regards, what we're really talking about here is cutting out the inconvenience of find high quality grounds on a regular basis. We're talking about expanding the local craft coffee marketplace, increasing the diversity of beans, roasts and grounds - all from the comfort of you're own home.</p>

<blockquote>We believe with all our hearts that there should be a great way to enjoy a high quality cup of espresso, latte or simple joe from the comfort of your own home.</blockquote>

<p>No longer is it a requirement to slog through the line at Starbucks for your morning Caffè Americano. No longer is it a requirement to competitively select the best grounds at your corner coffee shop or local grocer. That's our job now. We look forward to brining you a unique selection of high quality coffee, which can be delivered on regular intervals to your home, ordered from the convince of your phone, tablet or PC.</p>